Some very minor edits/nits (#29)
boucadair/WG-Charters: onions.md

The ONIONS WG will evaluate realization approaches and perform gap analyses of intended abstractions. This involves assessing interactions with control and data plane features necessary to implement services within networks. The WG will identify and work towards addressing any identified gaps in the realization of these abstractions, coordinating with relevant WGs as necessary. Work that is technology- or protocol-specific will be coordinated with, and carried out in, the relevant WGs.

> Furthermore, ONIONS WG will coordinate with the relevant WGs to evaluate operational needs of abstraction-driven solutions (e.g., network slicing in Routing Area). YANG data models that are currently being progressed in other WGs, but are relevant to the ONIONS WG charter, will only be moved to ONIONS with agreement from the relevant Responsible ADs, and rough consensus from the originating WG. Moreover, ONIONS WG will inform relevant WGs as appropriate (especially during adoption and WGLC) while the actual discussions happen on the ONIONS list. The ONIONS WG may have joint meetings with relevant WGs if and when deemed appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, ONIONS WG will coordinate with the relevant WGs to evaluate operational needs of abstraction-driven solutions (e.g., network slicing in Routing Area). YANG data models that are currently being progressed in other WGs, but are relevant to the ONIONS WG charter, could be considered to be moved to ONIONS with agreement from the relevant Responsible ADs, and rough consensus from the originating WG. Moreover, ONIONS WG will inform relevant WGs as appropriate (especially during adoption and WGLC) while the actual discussions happen on the ONIONS list. The ONIONS WG may have joint meetings with relevant WGs if and when deemed appropriate.
```
